my name is Kate I'm 10 and I've been
making um hampster buds there are these
little buds that um I made for my
hamsters is your hamster I for burrowing
yourself and it's bed well I have a
solution for you and your hamster it's
called the hamster bed if you aren't
familiar with a hamster bed it is a
piece of fleece made into a comfy little
cylinder perfect for your hamster to
snuggle into sleep since I started
putting these beds in my hamster cage
they have snuggled up in it every single
time they've slept as soon as I drop it
into the cage they go over and grab it
and bring it to to a special spot then
once they have it just perfectly crawl
inside and have a little nap order your
hamster read today get 10 of them in
various prints of fleas for 599 plus 250
shipping and handling these can be
washed after a week of use this is a
wonderful gift for you in your hamster
might have been very happy since I gave
them their present this is also a great
gift for a friend or family member who
was a hampster who has everything so go
to hamster beds calm and order yours
today by a hamster by a hamster bed 4 10
4 599 get yours now yeah seously by
hipster bud the hipster reza come from
me
you